This is ten percent luck, 
twenty percent skill
Fifteen percent concentrated power of will
Five percent pleasure, 
FIFTY percent pain
And a hundred percent reason to remember the name!

Mike! - 
He doesn't need his name up in lights
He just wants to be heard whether it's the beat or the mic
He feels so unlike everybody else, alone
In spite of the fact that some people still think that they know him
But no, 
he knows the code
It's not about the salary
It's all about reality and making some noise
Makin’ the story - 
makin’ sure his clique stays up
That means when he puts it down Tak's pickin’ it up! let's go!

[Tak]
Who the hell is he anyway?
He never really talks much
Never concerned with status but still leavin’ them star struck
Humbled through opportunities given despite the fact
That many misjudge him 'cause he makes a livin’ from writin’ raps
Put it together himself, now the picture connects
Never askin’ for someone's help, or to get some respect
He's only focused on what he wrote, 
his will is beyond reach
And now when it all unfolds, 
the skill of an artist

[ Ryu ]
It's just twenty percent skill
Eighty percent fear, Be a hundred percent clear cause Ryu is ill
Who would've thought that he'd be the one that set the west in flames
Then I heard him wreck it with The Crystal Method, "Name Of The Game"
Came back dropped Megadef, took em to church
I like bleach man, why you had the stupidest verse?
This dude is the truth, now everybody givin’ him guest spots
His stock's through the roof I heard he clubbin’ with S. Dot!

[Chorus]

[ Ryu ]
They call him Ryu he’s Sick
And he's spittin’ fire with Mike
Got him out the dryer he's hot
Found him in Fort Minor with Tak
What a clubbin’ nihilist porcupine
He's a crick, he's a crop
The type woman wanna(want to) be with, and rappers hope he get sh0t
Eight years in the makin’, patiently waitin’ to blow
Now the record with Shinoda's takin’ over the globe
He's got a partner in crime, his dip is equally dope
You won't believe the kind of dip that comes out of this kid's throat

[ Tak ]
Tak! - He's not your everyday on the block
He knows how to work with what he's got
Makin’ his way to the top
He often gets a comment on his name
People keep askin’ him was it 
given at birth
Or does it stand for an acronym? 
No
He's livin proof, Got him rockin the booth
He'll get you buzzin’ quicker than a shot of *v0dka* with juice
Him and his crew are known around as one of the best
Dedicated to what they doin’ give a hundred percent

[ Mike Shinoda ]
Forget Mike - 
Nobody really knows how or why 
he works so hard
It seems like he's never got time
Because he, 
writes every note and he writes every line
And I've seen him at work when that light goes on in his mind
It's like a design is written in his head every time
Before he even touches a key,
or speaks in a rhyme
And those other fellas he runs with, 
those kids that he signed?
Ridiculous, 
without even trying, how do they do it?!

[Chorus] x 2

